How can I hear your keyboard so well?
How about now?
Oh, wait.
I'm not typing.
Yeah.
I think the thing you're doing is snapping.
I have no, I have no idea what that is.
It just sounds the same in the book situation.
It's funny.
How's your cold plunge?
It was good.
There's a rule with cold plunging where you can't cold plunge without telling somebody
because it's so hard and if you're going to do it, you've got to tell everybody.
I feel like everything in life that's in that category you just do, oh, I just talk about
all the things.
No, I'm just thinking, by the way, the BJJ, you know, oh man, sorry.
Yeah, I'm just very passionate.
I'm a very passionate individual when I get into something.
I get very into it.
Talk about it.
Yeah.
I will.
And I'm free to make funny of you.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah.
You're very passionate about making fun of people.
Oh, we are.
We're live on Twitch.
You didn't even tell me.
Oh, I've been live for Twitch chat.
I've been talking to them.
Yeah.
You kidding me?
Been talking to chat.
I've been warming up the crowd.
I wasn't invited.
You're literally the other person on the podcast, like, how are you complaining?
I just feel like I missed precious time with our friends on Twitch and all this chat I'm
scrolling back and reading it all.
I was like, I was like, can relate.
Oh, I told them to guess what I'm doing.
Yeah.
I was like, wait.
Oh, it's he was peeing too.
Why is everybody peeing cold?
Yes.
Yeah.
The juice got it.
Oh, it's awesome.
Are you a host?
I always forget how I pronounce the name.
It's yes.
Yes.
Getting beaten up.
That was another yes.
Oh, I'm too predictable.
Okay.
How is it my house right now?
Oh, for real?
Can we get Alan on the pod with a little guest appearance from Alan?
Do you have too much staring off into the abyss like, I'm just like, technically, how
do I do that?
I haven't come to the next to me and speak into them.
Yeah.
You guys can just snuggle a little bit and just get real cozy next to the mic.
Now I don't want to do it.
Well, yeah.
I made it weird.
Sorry.
How was the in town till Sunday?
You got kind of screwed.
This keeps happening.
People keep having plans to come visit and I wake up in the morning of the day that's
supposed to come after like us, again, the house clean and like, you know, yeah, prepping
for their arrival.
Oh, look at my phone and I'll see a message from the person who's supposed to come being
like disaster, flight canceled.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
So they actually figured it out.
So they they're coming in from Maine and it's snowy as Maine often is.
Yeah.
And their flight got canceled and then just everybody started a panic and try to like
book other flights and they made it.
It just took them like 16 hours to get from Maine to Florida.
They were supposed to come in.
That's awful.
They could have driven.
Yeah.
Like if they just drove straight, it's like, you know, 20 to 23 hours and like that.
But they made it.
They made it.
Allen is a he's a great meaner.
He's part of a little, a little crew on Twitter.
That's they're just great meaners.
And he would be from Maine, like I feel like Montana, Maine, like all these random states
where the best meaners are.
Is it just they have nothing else to do?
They just live in these places.
So I have to burst your bubble though, cause Allen is from San Francisco lived in New York
for the last 10 years and now is in Maine.
Okay.
So never mind.
So he's just he retired in Maine cause it's nice to focus more on meaning, I guess.
Yeah.
Is, is Allen coming to react Miami?
He might.
He's hey, he asked his work and if they approve it and it seems like they will then he'll
come.
Yeah.
Uh, how about react Miami?
It's going to be so good.
I know.
I just see more and more people.
Every single week.
I see more and more people.
I know.
Did you see that there's a react, like an official react conference going on to that they randomly
announced?
What?
The Facebook team is throwing a conference like, I think it, I think it's official.
It's just called react conf.
It's not like, you know, react Miami.
It's the first time they've done this.
No, no, no.
They've, they've done it a bunch of times.
Yeah.
But I think it, I don't think it's been around for last few years.
At least I hadn't heard of it.
Uh, but yeah, no one, it's funny because like, very few, like you said, you didn't hear
about this.
Like very few people heard about this.
Uh, but it's like the official one and it's in like Henderson, Nevada, what?
Which is like, what is that?
Yeah.
It's just like the south part, like if you go south of Las Vegas directly south, it's
like the suburban area that's next to Las Vegas.
Uh, but yeah, so many people, the, uh, like Kramer, like the, the, uh, the century CEO,
he was like, what the fuck is that is Henderson, Nevada?
He was like, I don't want to go there, like make it somewhere better.
It's like, why there?
It's like, oh, it's Vegas still somewhere better, please.
Yeah.
Not Vegas.
Can we stop at the biggest conferences?
Yeah.
And the person he was replying to was like trying to just be like political and be like,
it'll be fun.
Like it's a bunch of nerds and it's a big setting, like, you know, like a bunch of like-minded
nerds in a suburban setting and he's like, no, give me a better setting.
I guess I've not been to a lot of tech conferences, but suburban setting has not been the norm
what I've experienced that it's like, what do you, you go to the mall?
Like what do you do?
You're just in like a hotel slash commerce center the whole time and then you go back
to the airport and you leave.
Yeah.
That is most of the experience I've had in tech conferences.
We're just at the venue.
Well, really?
Even for render?
Like you didn't go like around Atlanta.
We went to like a concert in Atlanta that was like an outdoor thing.
They rented out or something.
That was cool.
So for me, a conference is just an excuse to travel.
I'm not trying to travel with a nurse in Nevada.
Yeah.
No.
So you don't like to travel, do you?
That's why you don't go to conferences.
Well, I thought I don't like to travel.
It's just we haven't like figured, since we moved to Miami, we haven't figured out like,
oh, this is what we do when we travel.
So every time it's like, what do we do at Zuko?
Like we got to find something that was like a scramble.
So we seem to like get better at our routine and yeah, get better, Dax, get better.
You need to travel more.
There's stuff going on.
Well, speaking of traveling, so here's a, here's a little funny thing that happened.
So you know, we posted the AI demo, like, I guess maybe a week ago, last week.
Yeah.
Oh, the movies thing.
I want to talk about that.
Yeah.
So that ended up going pretty viral.
My DMs were like insane.
I was getting so many questions from people about like, no, not me.
Trying to throw money.
Oh, okay.
No, no, no, no, no, not VZs, unfortunately, just from people that are like 10 times further
into AI than I am asking me, like really obscure questions.
Like, I was like, someone was like, I spent the last six months trying to optimize this
but with all these techniques and like, do you have any suggestions for how I could get
better results?
And I'm just like, I have no idea what I'm doing.
Like we put together this demo in one week and that was it.
But it got to the point where someone from, I haven't replied to them and I should and
I will.
I haven't decided yet.
Someone from Cascadia at JS.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
Oh yeah.
Like the Seattle one.
They were like, we loved your demo.
Would love to have you do a talk at our conference and I'm like, you guys know, I don't know
shit about it.
Yeah.
Well, how did you guys like you stood up like you got this construct for vector storage.
In terms of like what off the shelf stuff are you using to take a movie plot and vectorize
it?
First of all, and then what are you storing it in like I have questions about the whole
thing.
Just maybe lay out what you built.
Yeah.
So it's actually really simple.
So, so there's really just two components.
There's the vector database, which is stores, like, you know, like a vectorized version
of a plot.
And there's like the thing that can take a plot and turn it into a vector.
So we started with just using all the bedrock stuff.
So their models are Titan embedding model.
And all we did was we crawled, I found some lists on IMDB, like top 700 movies or something.
And then I went to the synopsis page, took each paragraph as a synopsis of the synopsis
and ran it through the Titan embedding thing and they gave me back a vector.
So for a given movie, if it had 10 paragraphs in the plot synopsis, there were 10 entries
in the database.
And then when you queried it, whatever you typed in as your search, we would turn that
into a vector, find the closest matching vectors, and then like group by movie, and then likes
add up this, the scores, and then like that gives you the ranking of the top movies and
magic query.
So we started with the Titan one, man, it sucks.
It was like not very good.
It was, we got okay results and we like tried so many different combinations, like chunking
it by paragraph is one approach.
And also like a rolling thing where you like put paragraphs one, two, three together, and
two, three, four together, three, four, five, there's like all these techniques.
We tried every combination that we could think of and actually the simplest one ended up
being the best, like just chunking by paragraph and like kind of scoring by which paragraphs
match and by how much they match.
So then we swapped it to open AI for generating the vectors.
And our contract lets you swap between models.
So like you can use the Titan models, you can switch to the open AI one and then you
just need to put in an open AI key as a secret.
And then yeah, the open AI ones were just like way better.
I don't think this is a permanent situation.
Like I don't see why all the models wouldn't at least get as good as open AI is today.
Yeah.
But yeah, we did have to switch to that and we got better results and the search results
aren't like amazing.
Like I think there's potential there, but there's some funny stuff.
Yeah.
There's a point of results if you like trade around with it.
The similar movies one worked pretty well though.
The vectorization step is pretty fast, right?
Because when you're typing, if I remember, is it not it's not like a type ahead?
Is it like it's a single call to open AI and it's a really fast call and it's a really
cheap call.
I think Frank was trying to compute the difference between this versus like actual generative
AI and I think it's like almost like a hundred X price difference.
Wow.
It's very cheap to run up a model like this.
I think I posted some of the costs like after we were done going viral.
I saw that.
It was like $4.
So that's awesome.
Yeah.
Did you guys make it on like Hacker News or anything?
No, we didn't post it there.
I don't think anyone posted it there.
Oh, I should have.
Twitter.
Hmm.
Seems like the kind of thing that Hacker News would get a hold of.
I don't know.
But I have to be completely honest, I'm like afraid of being on Hacker News.
To be on Hacker News.
Why?
You're a YC founder.
There was.
Yeah.
There's no protection at all, isn't there who you are?
Okay.
So someone once wrote an article about and they called it a magical serverless experience
and they wrote about how like they're using SST and it was like a long article about
a little details and they posted on Hacker News demolished the comment just ripped it
apart.
Again, by people that have no idea what the hell they're talking about, but it was just
like, they just like were not even giving it a shot and it's very painful when people
misinterpret your work, it's like the hardest part about doing things in public.
Yep.
And no one will do that more than the Hacker News.
The Hacker News.
It's really true.
Like, I mean, you hang out on Hacker News.
Oh, it all makes sense now.
Yeah.
It all makes sense.
I was going to say like, I mean, you're a nice guy.
Wait, don't you not.
You're the kind of people.
I don't comment on Hacker News.
Oh, okay.
But like, who are all the people on Reddit and Hacker News that are so angry in the developer
community?
Like, are they not on Twitter as much?
Is Twitter angry?
Not as much.
No, definitely not as much.
Happy about everything, like toxic positivity, all that stuff.
You're right.
That actually is true.
What is worse?
LinkedIn's like that, but professional, Twitter's like that, but shitposting.
And then Hacker News and Reddit are just angry, just angry at everything, bitter and angry.
Why?
It's tough because the best comments I read anywhere are on Hacker News.
Like the most useful ones that I see are on Hacker News, amid like a mountain of garbage.
So diamonds in the rough.
Yeah, exactly.
You got to get all the rough stuff with it, I guess.
Yeah.
So at this point, I'm like, Hacker News gives you crazy reach.
We're in the dev tool space that like basically targets a large percent of our audience.
But I'm like, so afraid of it that I'm willing to just give that up.
So that's interesting.
Like Hacker News is like the milestone that everybody's like, oh, we made it to the front
page of Hacker News.
Our site got hammered.
It like you said, it's such a big reach.
Do you know like numbers like what is being on the first page of Hacker News compared to
like a tweet that blows up?
How many retweets does it take to be the equivalent?
Yeah.
It's a good question.
To me, I don't think it's about pure numbers.
I think it's about accessing a niche of people that might not really consume anything else.
Interesting.
So people who are on Hacker News don't really consume other things, they're just straight
to Hacker News every day.
Yeah.
Like I think there's like the set of developers that are on Twitter and I think it's this,
there's like a type of person that will be a developer and also be on Twitter.
And there's a type of person that'll be a developer and be on Hacker News.
And I know that there's not like a crazy amount of overlaps.
So interesting.
We'll reach on Twitter is great, but like we're missing out all these people that aren't
on Twitter.
And then what about Twitch?
What's the overlap with people who got Twitch?
It's so fragmented.
You think we'd all just hang out in the same places, but it's really, it's all over the
place.
I wish.
And then there's a whole LinkedIn mystery.
Yeah.
Like how do you crack LinkedIn?
That's like a whole.
Yeah.
Have you been still doing the LinkedIn thing?
Did you fall off?
No, I lost.
I kind of like, I kind of forgot about LinkedIn stuff, but I don't get back to it.
I don't know.
Did you feel like it was resonating your style?
Because you were just doing yourself on LinkedIn.
It was actually doing pretty well.
And I was like growing.
You're probably just like, it's a breath of fresh air to hear like something honest and
actually based in something, just like what you want to hear.
The tough thing for me though is I feel, and maybe I'll get over this at some point like
I've gotten over a lot of other things, I don't want to just post the same.
I feel weird when I post the same content on both.
Yeah.
I post the tweet and I post the same thing on LinkedIn.
Definitely.
Yeah.
And I'm like, but I'm not like smart enough to have enough contact.
Content for both.
You can just imagine how I feel.
You actually have smart things to say on Twitter, I don't know anything to say.
Well, then there's a whole like game of like, okay, I thought something really good.
Do I spend it on Twitter where like it's going to maximize who sees it or do I like invest
it into LinkedIn?
Yeah.
To like grow.
That's just a lot.
That's why I don't think any platform will like be thrown any existing platform because
like if you're someone that's like established there, it's so hard to adopt it yet another
one.
Yeah, it really is.
I do feel like SST could have a lot of potential users on LinkedIn, right?
I know.
Again, it's tough because yeah, these are places that have people we want to reach, but my what
I'm hoping is that if you're not on Twitter, you at least are friends with one person that
is.
Oh, that's interesting if we make some, I mean, but that's the whole thing with making viral
products, right?
Like you need to put out something where someone tries it.
Even if the product's not for them, like they don't have this specific problem or like
it's not painful enough or like whatever.
Yeah.
As long as they walk away from it being like, oh, this product is competent or like the
people behind this are competent.
When they run to someone that has that problem more than they do, they'll note it'll be like,
oh, I tried out this product.
You should check it out.
Even if they're not a user.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's a long time.
Optimize for it.
Yeah, exactly.
But if you if you can achieve that, like you will, you will hit that like viral coefficient
or whatever they call it and you will grow a ton.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Can I shift gears?
Yeah.
I don't even ask, but I should just do it.
I'm just going to shift gears and I want to from now on.
Okay.
Take me on a ride Adam.
I'll take you on a ride.
Do you feel like you're a role model?
Do I feel like I'm a role model?
Yeah.
Do you think people look up to you?
They should.
I'm pretty great.
Okay.
Oh, buddy.
It's weird to think of it in that terms because one, if it feels like embarrassing to think
of yourself in that way, yeah, like I think there's resistance to doing that.
But I think, yeah, I think you reach a certain point in your life where I can remember when
I was where I was 10 years ago and like the type of people I was like looking at and was
like, I would love to be more like them one day or like to have a similar life.
Yeah.
And those people kind of look like where I am today.
So I think I'm sure this is happening.
Hmm.
To some degree.
Yeah.
Do you I guess when you are a role model, do you know it?
Do you get like did people tell you like I look up to you?
I didn't tell anybody I looked up to, I guess.
I do get some messages, not super frequently, but I can say that there have been some.
I'm sure you get them too.
I feel like you're more of that than I am because you're like more established in your
life.
But you must get them.
What?
Yeah.
Say that again.
I'm more established in my life.
I'm older.
You just made them older.
I feel like you're you're at a phase in your life where you're like, okay, like I figured
it out.
Like I have kids.
They're not like tiny kids.
It's like my beard.
Yeah.
Like you have like a family home that you're probably going to live in for a very long
time.
You know, it's true.
Okay.
It's like transient phase.
So I can see how for a lot of people, I mean, even for myself, like I kind of look at your
situation.
I'm like, oh, that's that's like where I want to be at some point.
Okay.
I'm putting it in my Twitter bio.
Yeah.
I'm putting up more established than next.
More more roots.
More roots are going deeper.
More rooted.
More grounded.
I'll put grounded on LinkedIn.
That sounds like that would go well on LinkedIn.
So how do you feel about the role model thing?
Well, somebody said something to us, right?
Oh, yeah.
About how like maybe maybe we could be a role model to younger men, specifically younger
men.
And I hadn't thought of it.
Just hadn't thought of like younger men looking up to me or you about anything.
Yeah.
But it's interesting because I'm in an age, it just made me realize how much I deny that
I'm getting older.
Yeah.
Like I'm almost 40.
Of course.
Like I'm at the age where I should start thinking about the influence I have on people younger
than me.
I should, right?
If about now then when like I feel like that's the age on 37, you're not like, you're not
too old to be out of touch.
It's like a nice window.
Yeah.
Because yeah, once you're 65, it's like, I don't know, you lose some of that.
Like it's a different kind of wisdom you have at that point.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I've never thought of myself.
Or whatever.
When I became an adult, like I just feel like I'm that age and I will perpetually, like
I just see everybody.
Yeah.
I still feel a good younger.
I feel like a kid.
I'm just like, I'm a kid.
Wait, wait, wait.
Like eight years old or like, no, no, like I feel like like when I hear the fact that
I'm technically a man, I'm just like, holy shit, like a man walking around.
No, no, no.
The people I see around me, like those are men walking around.
I'm just like, yeah.
I'm just like, I'm just like a boy.
You know?
Yeah.
No, I hear you.
Just like being an adult is kind of surprising sometimes if you really think about it.
And you only noticed that when, I think I've told a story before, but I remember getting
to an elevator and there was like, there's a woman and a little kid.
And the woman was like, say hi to the man.
And I was like, man, what the what man?
Oh, me.
I'm the man.
There's a man here with us.
Oh, yeah, so but I was like, this is go away when you have kids, because how can you feel
like a kid when you have kids?
But you're saying you still kind of feel like a child for sure.
Like it's very hard to imagine.
I'm trying to think like how much older my dad is than me.
Like my memories of my dad or when he was like my younger, younger, younger, for sure.
That's wild.
Yeah.
It's so weird.
I don't like that one bit.
Why don't I like that?
What is it about that?
I don't like when my dad was my age.
I think I was like, six or seven already.
I don't even have kids yet.
Yeah.
Wow.
My mom was even crazier.
I think I was like 10 by now for her.
Is this just feelings of mortality?
Is that what I'm feeling?
Like I don't like to think about being older because it's like a reminder that yeah, I
think the thing that really messes with me is when I realize my dad's only like 25 years
older than me and my mom is only like 22 years older than me, which is really, really weird
because you're like, at least in America, I think that's not, at least the people I've
been around, their parents have been a lot older.
Yeah.
And it's weird to think when my parents die, I'm going to die in 20 years.
Oh, wow.
That seems like really short, you know?
That's wild.
Yeah.
No, I guess like my parents are probably a little bit older than I think they're like
30 years older than me.
Yeah.
My wife's dad is 40 years older than me.
Wow.
Yeah, he's like a lot older than her.
So it's very different.
Yeah, exactly.
20 years.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's, that's nuts.
I don't, I don't like any of this.
I decided I don't like this conversation.
Let's go back to the role model one.
Oh, yeah.
Role model.
Yeah.
So I guess people probably do look up to us.
And I know even I've gotten those messages, the kind of messages that are like, Oh, I was
thinking about doing this and I decided to go for it and that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't, I feel like I should be doing something different if people are looking up
to me than what I'm currently doing.
Do you ever feel like that?
Like if you start thinking about younger people wanting to look like us, does it make you want
to look different?
Because it makes me all look different.
I think we're a little bit different in that my whole life, I've just been very used to
telling other people here's how you should be.
Yeah.
You're not sure.
You're not sure on advice.
You're constantly throwing it out there.
So it makes sense.
I always try to make everyone more like myself.
So it's a little bit more natural for me, I think.
You love yourself.
You love money.
I love money.
I love myself.
Yeah.
You're a simple man.
It's a whole philosophy too.
If you like it, follow me.
I'm your role model.
If you love money and you want to love yourself, do you like the sound of that?
I feel like how to live.
Do you like Huberman and cold water?
Follow me.
No, follow Huberman.
Well, I guess yeah.
Follow Huberman.
Yeah.
Good point.
I have no original thoughts.
I am just a puppet and I only am a puppet for so long before I switch to something else
and then I'm a puppet with that thing.
Well, to anyone listening, if that sounds good to you, if being a puppet sounds good
to you.
Yeah.
Follow out.
There you go.
I'm your guy.
I'm an adult man and I have lots of things to look up to.
Probably.
All right.
Enough of the role model stuff.
I don't know where I was planning on that going.
But it went into mortality.
Do you have one other thing?
I don't have a couple other things I think.
I think you mentioned something to me.
Oh, I want to talk about what was it?
You had a tweet that made me think of this.
Oh, the career thing.
The career thing.
This is great because we're just talking about role models.
Oh, yeah.
We're talking about, yeah.
Role models, career advice.
Look at that.
That was so smooth.
If you're really interested in having a podcast someday with smooth transitions, look up to
me.
Pretty good at this stuff.
Oh, look away.
Yeah.
Probably.
So you had a tweet, could you remind me exactly what the tweet said?
Something about like if you had followed all these dummies on Twitter.
Yeah.
I love my career.
Like I like where it is.
I like the opportunities that I have that I'm not taking advantage of.
Like I'm excited to like see what I could do.
I love what I'm doing right now.
I think my day to day is super unique.
I think it's like not what most people get to do.
I get to like do fun stuff like this podcast, like making super videos, like having fun
on Twitter, and that's like part of my job.
All my work is public.
I can kind of talk about it, interact with, you know, people like a large number of developers.
I have like a pretty good way to talk to anyone legit in our field doing something interesting.
Like I'm able to like, you know, my work tends to overlap with theirs and like when your wife
has friends over, you get to explain how your awesome office is set up like this because
your awesome job.
Right.
That's a perk.
And my wife's friends think have no idea what the hell I do.
I think it's really weird, but yeah, it is weird, but it's great and it's, and I would
have never predicted it and I couldn't have drawn like a direct step by step plan to getting
here.
Yeah.
But I know for sure that every step of my life and you know, times change and what people
say change.
But when I think back to what people were saying when I was earlier in my career, I very much
did not do any of that.
Like I remember people telling me that I was doing the wrong thing or like I should care
about these other things and I didn't and it worked out.
I'm sure like whatever their advice was like, there's a flavor of that working out too,
but it wouldn't have been this.
It wouldn't have been where I got to now.
Yeah.
And I think where I got to now is a lot more unique than where you could get to otherwise.
So yeah, it's like the advice could be good, but if I followed it, I wouldn't have this.
So it's like this weird like kind of paradox thing.
So I've had similar experiences in life, like not had a normal job in terms of I've never
applied for a job, never had a resume, that whole thing.
We've talked about that.
And I love my career.
I love everything it's meant for my family.
I love all of it.
It's all fantastic.
My question to you is like, does that work for everybody?
Do we need like a large swath of people that are just doing the normal thing?
Is that like inherent in society that only some of us can have this very unique, weird
path, but like everybody can't have it?
Yeah.
What are your thoughts?
I think it's, I think you have to be honest with yourself because there kind of is like
an objective cultural thing where when we describe this having your own path thing, it's automatically
placed as like, oh yeah, that sounds amazing.
And I should do that too.
But you have to know yourself, like not everyone really wants that culturally, it's set up
in a way where it feels like everyone should want that, but not everyone does want that.
On the flip side though, I think there is this other dynamic going on where the normal
path to me has gotten like less and less attractive and like maybe even like more chaotic.
And it's also never been easier to have a weirder path.
So I still think it's like, yes, a small, it's really like a minority of people that
get to do the weirder path thing.
But I also like, if I look around, I just like, I see so much more of that than I ever
have.
I saw a post the other day, someone was like, the internet has made like so many of these
types of business as possible.
And so it's reached out of Reddit being like, I forgot what he was like, I don't know what
the number was, but it was something like, I make $20,000 a month by making these mini
cinder blocks and selling them online.
He just makes these like miniature cinder blocks.
And that's just his job and his career like, no, there's no path for that.
It's like, yeah, like this completely made up job that this person completely invented.
And I think there's way more ability to do that now than ever.
I think there's a lot of pressure to like, maybe do that, given how like commoditized
like, normal jobs have become.
Yeah.
But yeah, I agree, like it's not for everyone.
And I would say the average person probably won't succeed doing that.
Oh, yeah.
It's like, how do you, you can't sell advice to the like chart your own path people?
Because there's really no, is there any advice that could have helped either of us get to
where we are in our career, like maybe the life advice, just general, like, I don't know,
eat your veggies, get a lot of sleep, whatever, but like, there's no path, there's no way
I could have charted where my career, the twists and turns, what worked, what didn't,
there's no way I could have read a tweet that would have been like, ah, that's, that's what
I'm doing.
I'm going to do that.
I'm going to take those steps.
I think for me, the most that could have happened, and maybe that this is kind of what
did happen was there were enough people that had made it through that.
Not this, I don't care about specific details of what they did, but like, yeah, they had
a similar mindset and they were kind of rejecting the same things, and they like made it through.
And seeing that, like knowing that people think the same way and ended up successful,
like that's kind of what you need, because everyone else around you is kind of telling
you the opposite.
Like, I'm not bold enough to go do something where like, there's zero signal that can
work.
Yeah.
So seeing the people where it did work out for them, like that's, that like keeps you
in the game, I think, because there's a lot of doubt on the weir path, like some days
you wake up and you feel great.
Other days you're like, oh, I just like burned my twenties because this was the completely
the wrong thing to focus on.
Yeah.
Just motivation, I think whatever people can do to keep me motivated, that this is all
going to be worth it.
It's probably the most you can do.
Yeah.
The signal part was important for me.
I guess, like, if I think of my whole career, I never felt like I was taking any risks,
like every step of the way, there was like a reason I'm doing this and somebody's paying
me to do it or like, there's, there's very clear need for me to get better at this so
I can, you know, level up in this project or whatever.
Yeah.
I always had, I mean, I guess with the exception of starting Stanis, that was, but that was
only after like having enough success to be able to say like, let's take a risk.
We've got savings, whatever.
Yeah.
I guess like it never did.
If I look back on my 15 years of all the random things I've done, there was never like
some moment where I felt like I'm putting my family at risk.
Like my wife is depending on me.
Like I've never felt like, I don't know, this might not pan out.
It was always like, I got more work to do than I could possibly do.
I don't know what, yeah, I don't know what that like, how to distill that and hand it
somebody else and be like, make your own path.
I don't know.
I can think of some like specific situations and they're not that dramatic, but to some
degree it does fall under this.
So one of the first steps for me that was a little bit counter was going fully remote.
And again, it sounds ridiculous now because everyone's remote, but yeah, I live, I live
in New York City, I lived in Manhattan where like there's a lot of employers and a lot
of in person jobs.
And well, all my friends that lived there at the time, they were like, that sounds like
a bad idea.
Then they just gave me like a whole list of reasons why it was bad and it did seem kind
of crazy that I was like, I would like live 10 minutes away from work and I wouldn't consider
it.
But yeah, it did work out.
And again, I didn't bet on this.
I was like, make this up and I was like, I'm going to be the first person to do this.
I saw some people doing it and I saw how it worked and I saw the life they had and it
worked great.
This is when DHH and you know, 37 signals was really like vocal about this was like the
topic they were vocal on.
They wrote that remote.
Okay, book.
And I was like, okay, there's people out there that in the world that are like minded and
believe that this version of the world is possible.
Yeah.
So I can, there's something for me to like tap into when I go look for work, like there's
has to be some small percentage of people that think this way.
And it was hard, but I saw enough people that we're doing it where I'm like, okay, at least
it's not like probably not going to pan out to nothing, but now it felt like a giant risk.
But given that there were people that evaluated it for me, but I would say like the people
around me were probably saying the opposite.
It's crazy that like similar timelines, I would have been going to the same thing.
But with no awareness whatsoever, like you were actually thoughtful about it.
And you, I just lived in a place where there weren't tech jobs.
So I had a choice.
It's a nice thing to have a choice.
Yeah.
I never even considered like, I'm going to find a job where I work at a place.
It was like, I'm on e-lance and I'm finding people who will pay me money to do programming
related things.
Yeah.
And that just kind of snowballed into other stuff.
But yeah, I was never aware of the book.
I mean, I am now, but I didn't know that remote work was like this niche thing.
It was just a necessity when you live in the woods.
So the, what about going, so the other step, which we both have is like, and you, I think
you were always like this where you were freelance and you weren't like, you know, being a company
person and like working up in a company, did people feel any, like people in your life?
Did anyone feel like, oh, that's like too risky or like, yeah.
All the mortgage lenders, they felt that way.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
I, so my, our first home, we, we rented for the first two years after we got married and
then bought our first home, had to get a loan from my mother-in-law because we couldn't
get one from the bank.
I didn't have enough history and it was self-employment and it's like, well, that doesn't
really count.
It's like, I've made enough money this year to pay off the house.
Can I have it?
Can I, can I get a loan?
No.
No, you can't do that.
We paid off the house.
So we paid off my mother-in-law in two years.
I mean, it's like, I'm making a lot of money.
Look, I promise, but it wasn't a W-2, so it doesn't matter.
Yeah.
That was like, that was the main thing.
I don't think friends, I don't think family, friends, anybody cared.
I mean, in the Ozarks, like, this was magic.
This is like, this guy sets it at a computer and he has all these screens and he makes
a lot of money.
What is going on?
Like, they wanted it too.
And that, honestly, I've had a lot of that in the Ozarks, like people around me that have
wanted to understand and get into this because they've just seen, it worked for me.
Not so much online.
I've not felt like a role model there, but in person, there's definitely a lot of that
just in this area.
Yeah.
So for me, it was quite different because everyone that I, again, I was in like an area
that was like, quote unquote, high achieving, like, a lot of, like a really good school
district.
I hear that about New York.
Yeah.
No, I mean, in New Jersey, where I was prior.
Oh, New Jersey.
Gotcha.
Everyone was like shooting for like the top schools.
And if that's like your mindset, when you come out of school, you're shooting for the
top employers, like the quote unquote top employers.
And like, that's how your life gets made and you like, you know, work your way up.
So even like my mom, even to this day, I think she still feels a little weird about like,
despite how like far my life has progressed, you still think I should like go work at a
company with a name that she recognizes instead of like every week or being like, what are
you doing?
She's the next year's video.
It's free next year.
Yeah.
She has.
She's like, this is a job.
Like all our friends, kids are like working at place like they can communicate it easily.
Like, yeah, my son works at Google.
Okay.
We all know Google is we know what that is.
And she can't really explain it.
So not that she cares about not being explained it, but like I see why it feels weird because
it's so like outside the box of everything else.
Yeah.
So in a lot of ways, it feels like I think they have the perception and I think a lot
because perception and maybe it's changing now, she was like, Oh, if you work at a company,
it's like stable or like you'll have like, yeah, predictable, stable life.
And I think that's true.
But it's like the exact thing that blacks one is all about like anything that's that
stable is trading off something and that something will blow you up randomly one day
with zero prediction.
So that's what happened to people to lay off, right?
So I've never had that crazy of a disruption in my life where like, boom, you're laid
off during a time where getting a job is super hard.
Yeah.
And like you're like totally out in the wind trying to figure out what the hell to do.
Like I've never had that crazy disruption.
I've had constant mini disruptions like every week of my entire waking life, but but that
builds some resilience, right?
Yeah, exactly.
And it makes you kind of like immune to the small ones.
I'm sure the big ones would still hurt, but yeah, like you like learn to like have like
several layers of fall bags and kind of always have opportunities like in the works and yeah.
So I think net, it's more stable to not be on that like traditional company path and in
net less stressful, but yeah, again, it just comes on your personality.
Yeah.
People describe like like if you're if you're doing freelance work, which I've done a lot
in my career, you might have three, four clients that you're working on stuff for off
and on over a few months, whereas, you know, you work at a single job, you have one client.
And I know it seems more stable, but they can end that relationship so quickly.
And then you have zero sources of income.
So it is like it feels stable, something about it psychologically when you don't have like
somebody who signs your payroll check every week, it does feel scary.
Like you don't know where it's going to come from next, but I've always made more money.
Yeah.
Like always made more money when it was the most uncertain, like when there was completely
like no cap, but also no minimum on what I could bring in month to month.
That was that was always the most lucrative.
Yeah.
Once you figure it out, it's like it's amazing.
And you also get this mental freedom, which it's so hard to explain until you have it.
When you're when you're an employee of a company.
And let's say there's like something that you don't like that happens.
You like go to your friends and you rant about it and then you go back the next day and do
your job.
But when that kind of thing happens when you're a freelancer, you just drop the client or
like, yeah, you're like, okay, this is not the exact type of thing.
And like you work, you use your way out of it after a couple months or whatever it is.
And you just stop putting up like your own value, like your own self value, I think rises
and like you like really learn what you're going to put up with.
And the stuff that you'll put up with, like the bar keeps going up as you get better at
freelancing in general.
So that like just kind of changes your whole relationship with work.
I think it makes you a better worker too, because you're like, you're not distracted
by feeling like I'm so committed to this and every little thing that goes wrong means
like I'm stuck in this thing forever and that kind of makes you like a resentful worker.
It's just like mentally, it's totally different kind of work.
Yeah, something as we've been talking about this, it occurred to me that I always thought
like when people ask me what I do and I hated the question, I hated answering that question
or trying to answer that question.
Yeah.
Because it's technology and I live in a place where there's not a lot of technology jobs.
I always thought it was that, but I think it's actually it's the it's the freelance.
It's the kind of chart your own path thing.
So I guess if you want your life to look like me and Dax where it's this very unique
career path, you'll know your head in the right direction when you hate when people ask you
what you do.
Because if you just work at Google, it's like, what do you do?
I work at Google.
Yeah.
And they know.
Simple.
I would love when people ask me that.
Like I'd be excited for people.
But I would go places, but I would go places just so people would ask me what I do.
Like people.
I don't know.
I work at Google.
You know, the thing where you ask all the questions, you know, Google.
Yeah.
I hate it.
Like whenever I meet people at some social event, they're like, Oh, what do you do?
I always try to like work or I'm always trying to like avoid that topic because I don't really
want to get into this.
I'm like, what do you do?
Let's talk about.
Yeah.
Let's talk about you.
People like to talk about themselves.
Yeah.
I mean, you don't say that part.
You don't say the part where they're like.
Yeah.
I've had various like strategies for answering that question because it does seem like that
question comes up a lot.
Is that just all we know to ask each other when you meet a new adult or another human
being that you've never met?
Like what do you do?
America.
It's America.
We're all about what we do.
Is that what it is?
In like Europe, are they like, what do you enjoy on the weekends or what do they say?
What do you do?
What do you do in the afternoons when you have your break from that thing we have to
do called work?
Answers of work.
What brings your life fulfillment?
That's probably what they ask in Europe and we're like, so what do you do for work for
people?
Yeah.
How do you make money?
I guess that's all I have to say about career.
I mean, I think your tweet was good.
It just made me think about like in the beginning of my career, if I were on Twitter, how would
that have shaped me?
Like I wasn't on Twitter until well into maybe like, I don't know, 10 years into my career.
I was on like a head of Twitter account and I created it in college, but I didn't really
use it until the last few years.
So I think like the people who are junior, not like junior developer, just like early
in their career, the 20 year olds, the 22 year olds that are on Twitter and that are seeing
us just right, stupid stuff.
I mean, you write good stuff, I guess you give advice.
But like the people who are in this developer community on Twitter, do they take any of
this as advice?
I hope not.
I hope they don't take stuff from Twitter and actually make decisions in their career
based on it because none of it is worth basing anything on.
The other funny thing is like, I think you might relate to this, I feel like only recently
have I even had the luxury of making career decisions because I impose a bunch of constraints
where I was like, I'm going to be freelance.
So I can't work at any place I want to play.
I'm going to be remote.
So I can't work at any place that needs me to come in.
I'm not making a lot of decisions there.
I'm just taking whatever the hell like floats my way and like happens to work out like for
most of my career, I was just like, I had one option and I was I said, yes, and I took
it and an object.
I said, yes.
And I took it.
Following the signal.
Yeah.
And then really it wasn't until me working, like doing SST, that was like my first real
career decision.
Up until that point, I was just like, grabbing whatever I could, ejecting out of one failed
situation, trying to grab the next thing.
But at that point, I was like, okay, I have like a really good job.
I could literally work here for the next 10 years if I wanted to.
I finally have the option to like decide what to do.
That was my first is in that was like, yeah, you know, six or seven years into my career.
That's a really good observation.
Like I feel like people on Twitter who are giving advice, it's make it sound like people
are looking for advice because they have like decisions to make, but I don't I'm with you.
I don't remember making decisions until pretty late in my career.
It was just people will pay me money to learn and get better at this thing.
I'm going to do that wherever it comes from and taking every single thing I had every opportunity
I had to do it.
Yeah, there wasn't like big life choices sitting with my wife, like, oh, should we go this
way or that?
No, it was just like, this is the thing that's going to pay me to do this, I'm going to keep
doing it.
Yeah.
And then yeah, recently, maybe there's you've got more opportunities later in your career
to kind of think about opportunity costs or whatever.
Yeah, it's it's interesting.
I I just I don't know it's I don't talk to a lot of younger people early in their careers.
I would love to hear from them if you if somebody's listening to his podcast and you're in your
early 20s and you want to share, I don't know, John discord or Twitter somewhere find us
or on the Internet a lot.
I would love to hear like, what is life like for you in 2024, especially in technology,
specifically in technology.
Yeah.
And these are so different now to like, yeah, it just seems I can't even wrap my head around
what it's like to be early now, like, I don't have any, I don't think I have any advice
for that.
Yeah.
Same.
So weird and different.
If we talked about the layoffs and all the current situation, like, is it a good cycle?
Is it a bad cycle?
What's going on?
I feel like we did talk about this.
Yeah, I forgot.
There's still another.
I mean, every time we talk about us, because there's like another round and they're like,
yeah, it's still kind of going on.
I is just a random guest, like, don't take any faith in it.
But like, I feel like it had like is tapering off, like, I know that there's a bunch of
things that have happened.
Good.
Just tapering off or bad is tapering off like there's, I feel like it's like the last
that companies are getting in their last layoffs.
Oh, okay.
Like getting it out of their system, just a little like whatever last ones they can get
out there.
They're doing it off.
Yeah.
I'm sure they'll be more like every company is the same, but I'd like the big employers
where it doesn't really matter whether they have like 50,000 or 100,000 employees, like,
it's not going to like turn them profitable and unprofitable, like of that category where
they're just like kind of trimming stuff.
Yeah.
I feel like they must be close to done.
And I don't know if they'll go back to hiring like crazy, but I was saying before you got
on, all these companies have attrition, like 10% of your people quit or retire or whatever.
So at minimum, they'll be hiring at least for like a replacement rate.
Oh, interesting.
So as long as they're not laying, when they're done laying off, at least go back to hiring
in that way.
And that'll kind of re-stuff up.
I'm always just looking for like some amount of thing like that, looking for stuff to settle
because right now, so many people are flooding the market because they've been laid off and
all those people need to like land somewhere and things only to shift around.
And that's going to have impacts on what like demand for the stuff is and what salaries
look like.
So yeah, once things settle, we'll know like, okay, like what is reasonable in terms of like
what people will be making in this new state of things.
That's where my mind goes when I hear like, meta lays off 1% of its developer workforce.
It's like, that's tough if you're trying to get into YC and all these Facebook engineers
just got laid off and I'm just going to go start a company.
I mean, that it has ripple effects all over, right?
People say that, but I'm like, I don't know how often that happens.
I guess maybe they're not the kind of people, if they went and worked at meta, maybe they're
not the kind of people that start companies.
I don't know.
It does.
It has happened.
Like a bunch of companies that come out of these layoffs, but I don't think it's like
that relevant.
Like, these are the people that like post on blind where they're like, I don't know.
Like my my TC is 800k.
Is that good enough?
Like should I just like just people in that like mindset?
So yeah, not a good point.
And if you shouldn't be trying to get a YC anyway, remember chart your own path.
That's the dumb startup way.
Oh, wait, you're a YC fender.
I'm sorry.
Nevermind.
Did you see that there was a post today by someone?
Okay.
So there's a company called Porter.
You know, have you heard of them before?
No, Porter, like Porter house, like stakes.
No, Porter, I think Porter, like someone who takes stuff from one place to another, like
a transporter.
Oh, okay.
I think.
So what they're company, another one of those like services that deploy into your AWS account.
So they have like, you know, simplified interface for some concepts and they deploy into your
AWS account.
There was someone took a picture of a bus stop ad for them.
It's like says, Porter, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
And at the bottom, it says, YC founders don't waste your time on DevOps QR code for discount
for YC founders.
And the sign was like near like YC's HQ.
Yeah.
And I'm like, did they build, do they like get an ad just to target YC founders, who they
already have access to?
Because I'm aren't they like, okay, if they're not a YC company, maybe this is like the only
way for them to access them, but how many people do you, that's like a dedicated bus
ad to hit like a hundred people, you know, it's kind of weird.
Yeah.
It's like, isn't there a better way to do circles around their building?
Maybe it pays off.
It's just like the seems off and I get the whole things like do things that don't scale,
but the funny thing about that is totally agree with the idea of do things that don't
scale.
But sometimes you see a company you think is really far along, but then they do something
that doesn't scale and you're like, Oh shit, like they're still pretty early.
You'll try to figure it out.
Yeah.
They kind of lead the fact that they're like, you know, that's still worth it for them to
capture a hundred YC founders with businesses that are even earlier than theirs.
They probably can't pay that much money, you know, it just doesn't make any sense.
I feel like that whole story probably makes more sense to you being a YC founder.
I didn't even know there's only a hundred, well, how many?
There's not really a YC company.
I feel like there's a thousand YC companies every year.
I work at a company where I joined when the founders were leaving YC.
Okay, but still.
I didn't do the YC thing.
I'm one Y Combinator.
Do you have a nice or no?
I don't.
I don't have your name.
Wait.
I thought you did.
I thought you had like perks.
You don't.
You really don't.
Nope.
I mean, I just, I get access to those stuff.
Cause like, like Liz is looking for, like for work.
So I can ask Jay to go post stuff in the YC thing.
Oh, I see.
I see.
But no, not direct.
I got you.
I got well, we all have a by proxy.
I have a by proxy through you who hasn't.
I need to work for some for work.
I'll let you know.
No, but the YC thing is so funny.
Cause do you remember my tweet from a while ago where I was like, every time I tell people
were a YC company, they're always like, what?
You guys are a YC company.
It's just like nobody.
I was so shocked and I feel like vaguely offended where they're like, why are you so surprised?
Like, why is it surprising that we're always like, what really?
I think you seem, what's the word?
I don't, I don't want to offend you or YC fenders here.
You don't seem like a person who would align with Y Combinator.
I don't know.
You know what's ironic?
I actually think if you drill down to it, we're actually the most like prototypical YC
company ever.
Oh, really?
Not ever.
But like, you know, I feel like if you really get the ethos, we actually align with it perfectly.
It's just like anything else, like all sorts of people go through that program and some people
go in with a mindset and come out with the same mindset, just with a bunch of new rationalizations
for the mindset they already had and other people like actually like, you know, absorb
it more and adopt it more.
But yeah, like we are always just doing random shit and always trying to like, just try to
do stuff that people want and like we don't like narrow our scope.
We don't have like some grand vision.
We're trying to do like, we're like very scrappy.
And I think a lot of ways that we kind of follow a lot of stuff they teach.
I think I don't know the YC ethos.
I think I don't really know.
I just, to me, on the outside as a boy from the Ozarks, like I just, the YC thing.
I think anytime there's like a club, I just don't like it.
Can you describe what?
Yeah.
Just like it's like a good old boys club.
I don't know.
I just don't like it.
I just, I see something like that and like everybody trying to get in and it's like exclusive
and like, we just don't like it.
Something about it just rubs me wrong.
Yeah.
I think what, yes, there's definitely that aspect of it and with every kind of exclusive
thing, like you have that dimension, if you look at what the actual value is, their whole
thing is they tend to like radically simplify everything that people convince themselves
that needs to be way more complicated, but yeah, their whole thing, like, what do you
have to do?
You've got to build something people want.
Another strategy, nothing else, like just figure out how to build stuff that people
want.
And every dimension of it, like fundraising, every size, they help you like not overcomplicate
things.
I know that like lines up with how me, Jay and Frank work, but yeah, I mean, like I said,
I see a lot of YC companies that do the opposite of all of that.
Yeah.
No, I probably agree.
I mean, if it's, if it's, if it's like you, if you actually fit the ethos, you and Jay
and Frank.
Then I probably like YC and their ethos.
I just don't like the outside perception, the thing I built up in my, my head about it.
No, it's not.
It's, it's, it's there.
And there's definitely like a whole name dropping in her club.
Yeah.
I just have a problem with like Silicon Valley, San Francisco, the whole thing.
I just like the traditional startup mold.
I just don't.
It rubs me wrong.
Yeah.
Speaking of traditional startup mold, let's talk about the clerk fundraise.
Oh, clerk raised a bunch of money.
Yeah.
30 million.
B.
Series B.
Yeah.
Okay.
I, I, when I saw this, I immediately sent you messages because I don't know anybody who
pays for clerk.
I'm sure people, lots of people, I'm sure they must be making money.
Right.
Wait, they must be right.
It's not an environment where you raised 30 million dollars on pre-revenue.
Well, I'm going to flat out say this fundraise bewildered me.
I was actually very, I'm a continued to be very same by it.
If this was three years ago, I'd be like, yeah, sure, of course.
Yeah.
It's fun about a lot of dev tool companies is our metrics are open source.
You can go look to see exactly how we're doing.
We can't bullshit.
We can post all the charts we want missing a Y axis, but you can just go look up what
the Y axis is.
It's because our sites are public and I was looking at, I like tried to find the NPM package
of theirs that all the other ones depend on.
So like the one that would have been instead of the most and they're growing, but they're
like, it's not, it's actually the same rate as SSD, like they're doing a little bit better.
But like if you look at our chart, like we pretty much started growing at the same time
and like roughly the same rate.
And their pitch is like a lot smaller than SSD rates, like just an off thing and drop
into any framework where we have like a harder pitch.
So I'm like, these numbers aren't numbers where I'm like, damn, they're like breaking
out and like you got a, like they're like growing like crazy.
And then you also put in the other dimension of how much they've spent so far, like there's
been a lot of money that they raised like what, 20 million or something last year for
a series A or something like that, maybe like 15, I don't know what the number was.
Yeah.
And they have like a huge team and I'm like, this doesn't really make sense.
So like in terms of the little growth numbers, I'm not seeing it there.
Again, I'm not just all speculation, I can be wrong about a bunch of things and the series
B series B's are like serious, like, yeah, they're not like, yeah, me too.
That's what I thought too.
Like selling an idea or selling potential, like, right, you had to have landed some big
enterprise customers that tell a story that you're going to land a lot more.
I think to do is to be like that traditionally is where you need to have gotten to.
So I guess even though they don't have giant numbers, maybe they could have landed some
enterprise companies and like the VCs are convinced that, okay, that's like the start of something
bigger.
But even then, I'm just like, then the other explanation is in a world where things are
like really uncertain, are they attracted to the idea that this is a very established
market and there's been Auth0, which had a giant exit.
That's true.
And they just.
This octa in the same bucket, or is it more like SSO?
Octa bought Auth0, right?
Isn't that how?
Did they?
Is that what it was?
Okay.
Yeah.
Auth0 is basically the same model, right?
As for your user.
And there was a lot of problems with Auth0, and I'm sure Clerks vision, and you can see
some in their release, like they're thinking about it as every SaaS product has a concept
of a user.
And given that there's like all this undifferentiated stuff that exists, Auth is like one, but like
managing their payment, managing their subscriptions, like managing their permissions.
Like you can see how they're trying to expand way more than Auth0 did, and it's good.
It's a good way to progress in terms of what they're trying to do.
Yeah.
But I'm like, yeah, this is just like doesn't fully make sense.
Like maybe you can get away at Series B with like a story still, but it's just very surprising.
So I have a million thoughts, and I'm going to just, I'm going to shotgun them at you.
First of all, I guess just like scientifically look at the thing you're kind of proposing
here, which is that like MPM downloads, basically, right, of their package.
Is there any scenario where that's decoupled from their, how they're making money?
I guess like everyone that pays for Clerk has to download the package, right?
Yes.
Is that a given?
Yeah.
But it's possible you have like three companies that like are paying a shit done.
Okay.
So it could be few downloads, but lots of dollars per.
Yeah.
People downloading it.
Yeah, I think this is part of the Twitter bubble for me.
It's so hard to escape what I see on Twitter, which is like sure, like every person building
little hobby projects is using Versailles and Clerk, because it's real fast to stand it
up.
But like real companies with lots of users, it's very hard to imagine paying for something
like this.
And even like, it would have to be new things, right?
Like if you have an existing user, there's no way you've already built it.
Yeah.
You're not going to go like port to Clerk, right?
There's no story there, right?
Exactly.
And that's why I'm very confused.
So like if, if it is the case, okay, they landed some enterprise customers like who in
the world moved all their, yeah, what enterprise is like, we're going to pay you a lot of money
because we have all these users and it's just, it's too much.
We can't manage anything.
We're going to overhaul our auth system at this, but it's like a new work that you're
now having to do to, I don't, I don't understand it.
The other side of that is, do you see my other tweet about how I feel like SaaS is like kind
of going to implode because here's the other side, here's the other problem.
I don't think Clerk is self-hostable.
I don't think you can deploy Clerk into your own AWS account.
From like the way they've built stuff, like very few companies have in the last couple
years have architected with that in mind because it is a painful thing to like architect in
a way where you can host it and other people can host it, you give up having some fancier
features and stuff.
And I am really skeptical that big enterprises are like, oh yeah, we'll use a third party
host it off.
Like we so quickly run, we hit that ceiling very quickly, like with our products.
There's a whole category of companies, small to medium companies that will use our hosted
version.
Any enterprise company is like, of course, no, like of course we're not going to use
the hosted version, like deploys into our AWS account, this infrastructure and all this
infrastructure.
Especially something like auth and all of your user data, like that just I don't get
it.
I totally have a million thoughts.
I love so many people at Clerk.
It sucks.
I feel like I'm always just like trashing Clerk, but like there's a lot of people they've hired
a lot of people.
Okay.
There's a lot of people that work at Clerk, which is also part of the problem.
I mean that we're talking about here, which in terms of SaaS and imploding and all of this
feeling like the zero interest rate era, like how did so many people work at Clerk?
How did they raise 30 million dollars?
All these questions I have and it sucks because I like a lot of the people, so I'm sorry people
that I like.
You know who you are.
I just feel like I've done a lot of Clerk bashing, but I have no motive to like bash on
Clerk.
If anything, I have a motive to not bash on Clerk because I like them.
They're my friends.
Yeah, I don't.
I don't feel this is bashing.
I'm just like trying to analyze what's going on.
Just find and full disclosure, I actually messaged your CEO yesterday asking if they're
hiring, not for myself because like, you know, let's looking for work.
So that would have been a twist.
Yeah.
Actually, I'm going to work.
But I was like, it would be so funny if she ended up working there because like I'm always
like, you know, playing with them.
Yeah.
Playing.
That's the word.
Playing with them.
I'm always playing with them.
But yeah, like I don't I think so I'm convinced that I am told I must be totally wrong on this.
I'm like missing something, like I'm missing some key thing.
Yeah.
The other thing is that I feel they did say that they have they did put out some public
numbers that we wouldn't be able to clean publicly.
They said they're they're 16 million users on a Clerk.
Not like Clerk users, but like users of their users.
Not paying customers 16 million users registered because that's what they do is they they handle
your user registration.
Yeah.
The 16 million is not that many like you guys you guys have probably have that many.
I mean, more than that monthly act is and that that that's just you on your own.
That's just yeah.
If you add up all of Clerks, I don't think that's 16 million monthly active.
I think that's like 16 million and they have registered ever.
Yeah.
So I'm like, yeah.
I don't know.
Something is weird.
Good for them.
Yeah, no, it's just it's it does like challenge everything I understand about software and
about the current landscape of fundraising, like it just it racked my brain really hard.
I'm glad we had the same reaction.
So I feel a little less crazy because it did.
It made me feel like I just as a person who builds software trying to understand like who
their customers are and who who's paying the bills.
I don't know.
It all hurts my head.
I feel like I'm missing some fundamental something about it.
Similar feelings about Vercelle, but I get that like there's e-comm companies, I guess
that I've never interacted with that use Vercelle.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I mean, the Vercelle case, I have, I think that one is less complicated in a lot of ways
because I just think they're as obvious.
They're not doing well, they're doing just okay.
The Clerk one, it's weird for someone to like put in $30 million and make a giant bet.
And also the leads changed like the lead investor lead investor every round.
Is that weird though?
You don't normally see that really.
I guess like in dev tools or just in startups in general.
I personally generally don't see that much usually like you have a lead and every round
if you're doing well, they like continue to, why would they give up?
Well, yeah, I don't, I'm not like hanging out on angel lists and wherever crunch based.
I don't look at a lot of rounds.
But I know in my own experience fundraising, we've had different, like at different stages.
So like the people who led our A, it's like they participate in the next round.
But the lead was like different types of funds that do series Bs.
Like a lot of funds like have these hyper specific, you know, focus.
And it's like we do series B for farm companies, it's like random stuff like that.
But I'm sure the bigger names, they probably lead all kinds of rounds.
Yeah, so that that, so I think TJ, too, just said the source graph had different leads
for each round.
But in this case, their initial leads were giant VC firms that technically do lead other
types of rounds.
Yeah, I got you.
Wasn't Andreessen Horowitz one of their leads at one point?
I forgot what I forgot.
The names are all recognizable across the board.
They're not like smaller funds or anything, I mean, surely, like I've never even looked
but he's surely an investor, right?
He must be.
I'm looking at that.
There's just like a vibe you get.
And it's like this is definitely a Vercel company.
And by that, I mean, Guillermo personally invested in it.
I think it definitely is, definitely for sure.
But like it's actually not weird in a negative way.
It's actually weirdly positive, like.
What is weirdly positive?
That the deal was so competitive that they're old that they got a new lead.
They got like new leads.
Like I don't think their previous leads are like fuck this, we're out.
Like they're not, not either doing badly.
Yeah.
So yeah, I can just a lot of weird stuff with this one, but in a lot of ways it's just,
they really feel like they're like in like a time bubble.
That's how I feel with them.
Yeah, like they escaped everything collapsing and like they're still living in 2019.
There's no like operating the way everyone operated.
Yeah, like sponsoring all the conferences and like have a giant DevRel team.
And there's no one competing with them anymore.
It's like Clark is sponsoring all the things.
There's nobody's still living in that time.
Yeah.
Timeline.
And what's, but what's interesting is did you see what Worko S did?
What is Worko S?
Is that an Apple app?
What is that?
Worko S is like an Apple first party.
Yeah.
SST's auth is actually modeled off of Worko S. There was a time where I spent, I went and
tried every single hosted managed auth solution and I was like, Oh, I like Worko S's model
where they just proxy forward to like real OAuth providers.
And they focus very much on like SAML integrations, like kind of like the enterprisey stuff.
And that's their core business where they make their money.
Then they launched auth kit because you remember they bought Radix?
Do you remember Radix?
Radix.
Wait.
The component library.
Radix.
Yeah.
Do I remember Radix?
I love Radix.
Yeah.
So they were.
Same back when I used to use React, but they joined Worko S. And at the time I was like,
this is really random.
Like Worko S is like an API product, like what?
This seems like a weird fit.
Yeah.
And they launched auth kit, which is basically a one to one competitor with clerk has like
really amazing front end components that were built on, you know, everyone loves Radix
now.
Yeah.
Like so integrated with them.
Insanely free.
It's like free for your first million users.
I'm sorry.
Insanely free.
Yeah.
If you're free.
It's free.
Like everyone's free.
Everyone's got a free tier.
Insanely zero dollars.
I don't understand how you can be insanely free.
Okay.
Think about there's different sizes of infinity, right?
It's kind of like that.
No, there's not what there's different sizes of infinity.
Okay.
Let's say you have a house with infinity rooms.
Oh, no, this is going to hurt my brain.
Okay.
Let's say in each room you put two chairs, okay.
And compare the number of chairs, the number of rooms you have.
Stop.
No, you can't.
It's not like a number that you can do that with.
This is like my son being like infinity plus one.
Yeah.
I think I'm wrong about this.
But I think you are too.
This mental model that I came up with.
Do you mean like insanely free in the sense like everything has a free tier, but they
have like an insanely generous free to go.
Very generous.
Yes.
I think it's like free for the first million users or something.
And I can see, I'm sure like Clark is a little bit ahead in terms of the maturity that
product of course, but that's, that's some hot competition now.
Yeah.
That's like some real, like they're going the same angle of deep integration with frameworks,
UI components that people really like and just, and it's like, what, let me look up the actual
thing.
Amplify too.
I mean, sorry.
That's punchline.
Yeah.
That's all I had to say.
Radix is good.
I saw Sam Selikov just had a, he'd put out like a Radix course, Radix is one of those
things.
I never know if I'm saying it right.
Radix.
I don't know about that one.
Did you say it slowly?
I'm probably going to regret saying it.
There's an invisible you.
You know, sometimes there's like a silony.
Well, there's an invisible you.
Radix really reflect on the sounds coming out of here.
Does it sound like a bad word or something?
Rodix.
What does it sound like?
You don't like the sound of that?
Okay.
How many syllables are in that word?
The way you pronounce there's two.
Say it syllable separately.
Why doesn't it do that with the other ones though?
Radix.
It's the same.
Yeah.
The first word is different.
Gotcha.
Got it.
Free for up to one million users free.
That's crazy.
One million users.
None of you will ever have a million users.
None of you will ever have.
I think about that a lot.
Like all this talk on Twitter and like nobody has any.
They don't have any experience doing anything.
I just feel like there's so much talking about stuff that anything.
You know what I mean?
Like it's just like what do you know about any of this stuff?
I don't know.
I'm glad I worked at one consumer facing company.
So I can say like I know how to deal with millions of users.
Yeah.
But like that was like a small percentage of my overall experience.
But I can technically say I'm not one of those people.
That's the thing.
There's a lot of people I'm sure on Twitter talking that have success in B2B situations.
It's just so different from consumer facing stuff.
Like consumer facing stuff.
A lot of technical challenges.
Not that there aren't technical challenges building a spreadsheet replacement for B2B.
It's just like are there?
But are there really?
Like you're going to most have like a thousand users and like you're killing it because they're all paying you a lot of money.
But like it's just a different thing.
They're working on like their data is completely separate.
So really you have like one user a thousand times.
Right.
Yeah.
It's just I don't know.
Like there are times where I can submit a piece of code and then see tweets immediately from people who are angry that we broke something that's happened yesterday.
Like it's just a different animal when you got lots and lots of people using your stuff.
And the hardest part is they just don't give a shit about you at all.
Like they're like you're like trying to get them to use your thing and they just don't care.
They can just go about their lives and not give a shit.
Yeah.
It's true.
You're not care.
All right, I got a P.
Okay.
Like really like not just like one of those.
You lasted an hour and 13 minutes without having a P.
That's pretty good for me.
I feel like I've not been having a P in the night.
I don't know if anyone out there's a doctor that listens to our show and they're concerned about my urinary tract.
I think it's getting better.
Now there's some stories I'll look it up I'll try to find it because I don't really remember.
Is it like a long story?
Like I'll just say it's a quick concept.
Okay.
Yeah.
There have been doctors that have diagnosed like public people from like problems they've
described but like very serious issues that they've like saved their lives because like they've like put together what's going on with them.
Okay.
Now new motivation to grow the podcast.
We got to get out there.
Yeah.
I need a doctor to start listening.
If anybody knows one this may be point them in this direction.
All right.
It's been good decks.
Thanks again.
See ya.